The Joe Rogan experience.
There was a thing about golfers. I was like, these guys, you know,
obviously are very good at what they do,
but they don't look like regular athletes.
Like what if our regular athletes started playing.
Golf? I think that was what tiger did. Yeah, exactly. Tiger. Tiger.
Changed the game on so many levels. He made golf an event.
I would watch golf with my dad on the, and we'd watch tiger play.
I gotta say this too though, is that tiger was so powerful.
He had so much torque that that's why he is having back problems now.
And so you wonder with guy like Bryon, by the way,
Bryon just lost a bunch of weight. He looks amazing. This is a video.
Is this Australia when they're attacking the police,
this is what tiger blocking the looks the same all almost. But yeah,
when he was walking up 18, the people were going so nuts.
That what kind of security is this? This is.
They tried what's that guy behind him with his arms out pitch.
Put your arms down,
this 40,000 people and one guy they're famous all drunk and they're all
hammered.
And you gotta remember, he was luckily.
They're golf people, right? Oh, golf.
People move.
That doesn't mean much. Yeah. Golf, savages Domino's fans.
Cause they're mostly just drunk guys. See.
You got so, so rugby fans, John Daley came in first. John Daley came in first.
He came in, in his amateur, in the us open. Correct?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and came in and started hitting these monster drives like 3
50, 3 75 and everyone route. And he had a mullet. He was like Theo Von, but,
and blonde, right? God, man. He is.
A with cigarette in his mouth. Look at this mother's cigarette.
In his mouth.
Dang. A real.
Gangster in golf. I mean, when you say, when we.
From Florida, cuz if he's not, I'll be depressed Oklahoma. Close enough.
If you say yeah.
If you say hero, that's one of my heroes right there. Right?
So John Daley comes in,
starts hitting monster drives and everyone's on everyone's on the tee box going
grip it, rip it, John.
Grip it, rip it. And now I know why you are into Patty. Patty.
Pembleton go to that picture. Show good hair, right? That one, the,
that one down there, down there to the right hand side to the right hand side.
All the way over all the way over. Yeah, no right there. Right above that one.
Oh my bad. Sorry back. Yeah. With the goofy, that one. That is, that is, that is
<laugh> look at that smile in Florida face God. And he was,
he was denied his true birthright of Florida. Dude, someone up,
you should have been born in.
Florida. Someone came a sponsor, came to him and said 3 million. We want,
we want send you to rehab though. And, and he looked at him and said, I'm good.
And took a dude. Can I tell you Joe,
when I say so TPC 1997, he's in, uh,
in St. Augustine, right? I think he went into rehab right after this.
If I'm not mistaken.
Right. Should have taken the money. No.
It's timing. 1997. I'm about to come out and rolling.
Stone is the number one party I in the country and we are in St. Augustine,
our balls off and John Daley's at a bar and we.
Just see him, you there, you saw him where the bar.
And, and we were like, Hey man.
Daley seen drinking on night before he withdrew. We were.
There. We were, we, I almost jumped in that on, on a whole 17 naked.
I almost jumped in. It was, thank.
God. I didn't wait a minute.
So you are there drinking with John Daley the night before he withdraws.
The night of event, the night, he's at a beach too drunk in St.
A in Jacksonville. I, I remember we were pretty, we were pretty drunk also.
Jack's beach Jack's beach. And, uh, but the tournaments in St. Augustine,
if I'm not mistaken and we all went out to see that,
and John Daley's there and every remember buddies hit me like that's John Daley.
And he, and all I remember outta that whole night was he was,
and I know that he withdrew the next day, but he was so accessible.
He was so nice. He was not being an. He was having fun.
He was having a good time. And he was a professional athlete.
And I remember thinking everyone. And I was like, I was like,
that's the guy I want to be like, that's the guy.
He says right here. He kept the crowd going. O'Neil said it was obvious.
He was there to have a good time. By the time he left,
he definitely was feeling very little pain. <laugh>.
This guy, man, this guy is he, he was like,
I would go to golf tournaments with my dad to watch this guy play. Cause wow.
Because he would come in. I mean, he knows a little touchy go.
Sometimes he'd be a little shaky, you know?
Cause he hammered hammered the night before and sometimes he just destroy and it
was nothing more fun to watch him. Just, do you think.
That influenced your future choices?
100%. <laugh> I mean a hundred. My, you know why this is.
Funny.
Do you know the story about you and Tom when you were playing tennis against
each other? No.
Wait, why.
Tom hired a coach. Oh.
And Tom worked with his coach and he was practicing with this coach.
And the coach said, listen, you got your fundamentals down.
You're doing great. He goes, this guy's drinking all night. He's like,
unless he's some sort of John daily type dude and Tom goes, no, no, no.
He's exactly a John da type dude. He goes, then the coach goes, oh.
And then you showed up with a somewhere outta nowhere.
See we get video of this. The, the, the tennis match.
It's gotta be online outta nowhere. You got a legit division.
One serve like whos. The fun saw this coming.
Burke Chrysler has a legit division,
one tennis serve.
And you just smoked those balls past Tommy buns. Oh my God.
He was in such.
Agony. Oh, he was so bummed out. He was so sad.
I remember his son showed up and they made him leave early.
Cause he didn't want his son to see it. Did you.
At any point in time, think of yelling out to him,
you should have stuck to the dance off?
No, no, dude. I remember were watching him not be able to return.
It was like awkward. Like it wasn't,
it wasn't even hitting the strings on his rack.
It would hit the handle and shoot up in the air. You have a six serve.
It's crazy. It's crazy. Like if you develop that thing,
like some dudes are just really good at shooting three pointers, you know,
there's like guys just have this touch and you watch them doing like, what the?
How are you doing that? Watch the entire episode for free. Only on Spotify.